This is an archive of all of the Guru-Readme's (tm)(c)(r) that I have created since I began working on MAME around 2000. These readme's will be updated from time to time without notice as I see fit. All of the Guru-Readme's here are the newest versions available and superceed any other Guru-Readme's found in other Github repositories. Having these files in my Github means I have full control over editing, including doing minor changes or fixing typos and/or formatting errors so that I don't have to bug other people to make those minor changes or do pull requests.

If you care enough to add these readme's to the MAME source code go ahead and do it, following the conditions listed below in this paragraph. My intention is to continue adding hardware info to MAME source code and fixing other minor issues like adding missing dip-locations and dip switch info for as long as possible but due to many of the developers retiring or moving onto other things we are slowly running out of people within the remaining team members who care enough to keep MAME updated with minor and unimportant changes and some of the changes I want to do have been ignored. This leaves me with no option but to put those changes here. 

In any case I (Guru) hereby give permission that the information presented here in my Guru-Readme(tm)(c)(r) files can be incorporated back into MAME with the following conditions...
- The info should be added into the same source filename in MAME.
- The information is not modified in any major way. Corrections like typos/spelling/grammar/formatting are ok but errors like this are rare in my documents ;-)
- The 'Hardware info by Guru' credit remains intact. 
- The readme's should be placed near the top of the driver as a nice introduction to the driver code rather than spread out across the driver file in multiple places. 
- When copying the text, always use RAW mode otherwise all blank lines will be missing and the whole thing will be a solid block of text. This is a github issue. 
- When my work is added to MAME you must credit me as 'Guru' in the github commit and preferably contact me via email to notify me that my work has been added to MAME. This is a simple courtesy to show that my work has been acknowledged. This credit is sadly lacking in most drivers and anyone casually viewing the driver source code would think the person who wrote the driver (the C++ code) was the author of the hardware documentation. In almost all cases this is not true and the hardware documentation was authored by a different person. This documentation took in some cases many hours, days or months to complete and it is important to document where this info originated from and that proper credit is given.

The directory structure and file names here follow the MAME source directory structure with one important change. Github has a limit of 1000 files viewable in any directory which makes it impossible to browse all the files when there are more than 1000 files in a directory. The drivers directory is one such directory and this is the main directory I am concerned about. To allow me to browse and edit these files online through the Github web UI I have added manufacturer directories. This is something that was suggested by me and discussed very briefly by the team many years ago but it seems no one cared enough to fix the issue so I fixed it. Specific manufacturer game drivers are now much easier to find and if there are over 1000 files total they will actually be listed on github now because no single directory contains more than 1000 files. Problem solved.

This archive contains only documentation created by me (Guru). Just like source code, if you edit a readme that I created and add more info, the readme is still mine.

The archive serves as an all-in-one place for me to quickly find and update my hardware documentation readme files. This is usually done when PCBs are first dumped or when PCBs I own are sold, since after that point there is no further opportunity for me to reference the real hardware.

Most readme's are the same as when captured from the MAME source code on 20th April 2021. Where the readme says 'Last update: No changes', it means the readme is the same as the source code in MAME on this date. When the readme has a date listed after 'Last Update:', it means there were changes done that are likely not in the current version of MAME. The changes could be major or a simple full stop addition or typo correction. In many cases the readme's are the same but the various info spread out across the driver file has been merged together for easier reading.

If hardware info is required to improve MAME you can make a direct request via email and I can make a readme for any PCB I have in my possession. The list of PCBs I currently have is available on my website at the following link.... http://members.iinet.net.au/~lantra9jp1_nbn/gurudumps/forsale/

Note almost all of them are for sale so if you want info, request it before the PCB is sold.
